Can you hear me now? Yes, fine. Thanks for that. I want you to go ahead with your intro. At last you could focus on your technical expertise. Hi, Sarnia. This is Sankita. I am having around 8 plus years of experience as a .NET developer. I have been worked into many platforms like .NET Co, MVC, and then the back end is SQL. Also I have been worked on with the VB.NET view with the TypeScript. Also I have worked on with the Angular. For deployment purpose I have worked with Azure Services. My current project is with the TheraOffice application. This application supports therapy monitoring where the front end which we used is a view with the TypeScript. We worked on the windows application. Whereas for the web application we have worked with the VB.NET. I have also worked on API migration from .NET framework to .NET code. SQL is a database which we used. The other project is with SkyTech which is for the inspection service purpose. This has both mobile application and the web application. Mobile application is with Xamarin whereas the web application is with .NET and Angular front end. .NET core, API sync with mobile and the web application. For mobile database we have used SQLite. Yeah, that's all. Thanks for that. I want to understand what was the reason design work that was done from your site. If anybody put it in the script. You are asking about the design principles or? It's about your design works. If anything done from your site comes to be a component or design, the back end could be anything. But if it is purely done from your site it could be operated. Why was that design created and what was the reason? If a new API has to be designed I will check the database details and then the database tables. I need to create a new table and I will check that. Was there any design work done from your site recently in any of your project? Yeah. For one of the project for migration purpose there was an issue in the API. That was the payment API. Previously it was like it was using WCF. While migration error came there was some error. I have done a small POC for that and found out it's a DLL issue. So yeah. So that was correcting an issue. It was an existing issue. But this is about a specific design. Maybe if you would have not done such an activity I can go ahead with the straight forward technical questions. Consider that you have to create a microservice from scratch and you are just trying to integrate it with the entity framework. So I will use the support first approach. Code first approach. Okay. Since the database is not there we can create entities and we can apply the migration. Okay. How would you apply migration? What is it? How would you apply migration? We need that entity to the TV changes. Generally we will create a script first like .NETEF and add migration DB update. The entity framework. Consider that you have the schema. And there is a schema change again. What would be the script change that you would take to DB? Consider like Go ahead. Consider there is a customer table. We need to add a new column like address or something. I will add a new field stream get set then say the file add migration. Then update migration. It will run the migration. Is it a write approach to work experience on that? If it is a new field we can go for this. How would you create the script file? What is the script that you generate? There are many in the form of a script. What is the write form that you choose to create? Entity migration will create a snapshot as well as the particular migration details. There will be up and down method. Up method will have the contains new changes and in down method for any ideas. Consider that in Microsoft. You need to implement a custom middleware. What are all the potential logics that you think about in custom middleware? First one is authorization. Logging, caching and then Agree to apply this log log in mechanisms and middleware. Why it is custom middleware? All the A.B.A. request goes via the middleware. We can have that. Custom middleware can be processed for a few of the actions instead of having it for the entire country. Is it even possible? How would you do that? For the caching we can use frequently used values. Consider that you are trying to set up the lifetime of the Microsoft. Your job is to connect with the SQL. For the SQL connection you have already provided created and it is ready. Now your job is to make a connection. How would you apply that? Where do you apply that? For creating the database object there are three types of dependency injection because we can use a transient one. It will close the connection immediately. Rather than going for the scoped one we can use transient. What is the advantage of transient? It is not a good thing to do. If the connection has kept open for some users we are trying the same. We will keep using the other one. We need to analyze that approach. Based upon the scenarios we need to come out with the best one. What is the best one? Consider that there are 500 concurrent users. If there are 500 connections it will affect the database performance. What is the life time you are still sticking with the transient? Because it will close the connection automatically. What is the life time you are still sticking with the transient? On the other side it will close the connection. Throughout the application API it will close the connection. We need to find the lighter... But for every request if you want to make this way it will open the connection in between in and try for some data and then like again looking for another table looking something else. Okay, the logic could be anything in between could open and close the connection for a single request itself. But the transient what you are speaking about is something get open with the request level then it could be closed automatically, isn't it? Is it even applicable for the C equals scenario? It depends upon the scenario. Consider like, consider you have a number of a store pro hooker created, okay? So every store pro whenever you connect with a store pro you open the connection and close the connection at the end, isn't it? So consider that there are multiple logic like that being now integrated into a one single API and there is a user call, okay? So as soon as there is a user call like the request has been involved and the transient what it is like first time it looks for something and that would get auto closed. But is it even a right approach for the sequel? Like no, it's not. We can use the scoped one. So we can maintain the connection option. Why scoped one? What it does? What is the difference between the scoped and transient? Why do you call for it? So through one API call consider like we have the business layer. So it is the database layer. The database object is created and that will be reused. We use like cross multiple calls in particular business layer. But could you please read yourself and see if I'm able to find? Four. Okay, which means I've got an average, right? So I want you to just look at this in a few. See you're asked to develop one of the page in the e-commerce site. What that page does is, you know, that as soon as there is a user login like the user try to see some advertisement related to the previous search. For example, if Sangita is logging in and she had a lot of books being searched early, then there would be a kind of a book advertisement being displayed in the dashboard page. So in order to bring this data into the screen, like what would be your SQL table that you are in need of and also one single select query that help us to bring the data set out. So basically like you think about the signal you like what are all the basic tables that you've made and how you wanted to make a relationship between the other tables. I want you to just share the screen and open a note pad so that you can just tell me one by one. Note pad, right? It's just note pad will be enough. You want to share my screen? Yeah, I want you to share your screen. So this question applies to understand your both SQL skill and also like your designing capacity. So accordingly you can design your table. Like you can go with very simple approach and you could accommodate it a very complex enhancement approach where you like anything could be accommodated in the future. Consider that today advertisement is just a video. Okay, going forward it could be multiple video file like a streaming file or anything. Today it could be a image but tomorrow it could be a sliding images, right? Multiple images with it will be shown in the slide or styling. So thinking about all this like you could design your tables so that it could accommodate the other factors. Can you able to see my screen? Yes, I can. But this is just a team's screen as what I'm seeing. I want you to completely share your screen. Okay. No heat and wages. This is a work that we are trying to demonstrate at the time of interviews, right? Okay. So you need to showcase everything here. Because you're like I'll be creating two tables. Focus on just primary informing for you. This is the table. That's enough. Okay. This will be the primary table. It's about keys, primary keys and foreign keys. You can go ahead with the N number of tables which are required for the scenario. Consider it, you know, Sangeeta had already a previous product search or something due to which like you could able to understand what could be the potential advertisement that can get displayed. Okay. But for Saranya, she's just a first time user. She don't have such history. Okay. In that case, like something else that you need to display on the screen based on her customer data. Okay. It could be age, it could be a gender, it could be anything. But the related data, whatever the advertisement is available with you, that you need to bring. So there will be a customer table. And then the book table. So, ID is the primary key and all that you do. So, this is the design. So, the book and the images table. So, the image table will have the image name, image URL. Based upon the logged in user, I will join these two tables, the book table. And the image table. So, and I will get the image from the image URL. See, book table, that was just an example, right? Have you heard about the B-Commerce site that it's completely driven for the product what they said, isn't it? The product is, this book product has one such, it could be 90, like millions or billions, isn't it? Yeah. So, you cannot directly driven with the product as a table. Okay. Yeah. I thought that book has been mentioned. Sorry. So, you are allowed to ask any questions because this is a design work. Okay. Without even getting clarity, getting started off with the work is not the right approach. Yeah, fine. This is it, like three tables. So, it's a customer product and images. Okay, I get that. But how do you have the foreign key relationship with the image, right? Like for every product, they would be an image. That's what you mean. But image, it represents the product image. What about the advertisement? See, if it is advertisement, it would represent multi-other, you know, model of the product. For example, you might be looking for the IT related, a book study. Tomorrow, it could be fashion. Okay. But the advertisement cannot be the same for everything, isn't it? So, you should be having some relationship with the advertisement table and the product. Okay. For signing, I want you to have a one single Senate query to just have the right data set up. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, do you want the product ID to be the part of the advertisement? Or we need images also. Yeah. I can give some links, but I cannot direct the solutions, right? I just give you a hint that definitely there should be a connection between the product and advertisement. Okay. That's for the max that I can give us a hint. This is your design. Okay. I just wanted to see like how you are designing. Okay. See, based on your experience, you can design simply. That's absolutely fine. But some sort of identity would be there to fetch the advertisement, right? That's what I'm looking for. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So there are like I can write the query in two ways. This one will return the joint result for each multiple rows. Why do I just like left auto join? What is the purpose of using left auto? Some product will not have images. Yes of course but it takes the other unmatched items also right. The matching one, the not matching one together or just you are just intercepting the inner joints and taking the outer portion of it. How does it work? In general joints like it uses non clustered index. So look up information generally in SQL like the clustered index which is the primary key. So which is stored in the binary tree format and for the non clustered index it's like there can be only one for the non clustered index. Generally in tables if there is a left join I understand that it is also considering the null values and taking the left tables and things like that. But outer that's where the question do you really ever like how it works or is it even the right approach for this? Sorry sorry sorry. Okay inner join. Okay. Okay. But I see one thing like you have a simple design the one to unmapping between the advertisement image and the product okay. I understand that it's a simple but there is no chance of understanding that what was your users preference for example whether she's interested of seeing the books or coolers or dresses the product could be anything. Ascended but that you can get based on the activities of users but you're not getting any such data here. Then for example like what about the product getting selected that advertisement is what coming up but likewise you are selecting more for the you know advertisement this particular select query right will bring all the product which has advertisement and don't have advertisement categories everything together. So productivity is a primary key right. Yeah. So when you group okay maybe like that's the foreign key here and the advertisement. Again when you're grouping that advertisement related product ID which means that one product could have a number of advertisement only then it would get you know grouped and we'll also have like you're checking like having count is greater than one which means like whichever product is having more than one advertisement it brings everything out as a result set. But yours is a dashboard screen where some get along soon as to see only one advertisement that is related to some get us activity we captured early. Okay. I'm sorry to interrupt us. Okay. So we have many other stats to focus. So we'll move on. Okay. Consider that you know the same scenario like in which some you know store folks or the written queries or functionality being went into an issue and you do which like there is a db failure connection failure. It's not just a connection like it couldn't be to process the data like the connection after that it did not get closed somewhere like SQL deadlock and few others in that you started to show up. Okay. So if this is a key is like what would be the potential fix that you would get assigned. So we can use the isolation isolation database level. So like read and commit the data or read and commit the data. But that would have already been a plan in the early making right now the issue had happened. You need to fix it on fine. What would be the fix that you chose? I'll be doing two fixes. So one is we need to check the database logs. So the database SQL profiler. Okay. If it is a deadlock SQL deadlock, what would be your fix? Yeah. So the fix will be like if there are multiple update statement, we will be doing it orderly. Constantly like there is a customer and payment deal. This is a secondary or deadlock and it already happened. You need to deal with the deadlock first. Otherwise it is like a infinite drive. Yeah. So there is a command like a dv deadlock command. So the SQL admin will add that. So they can pre-order the deadlock. Yeah. Moving on. See in Angular, what are the ways of data sharing available between the components? What are the ways? Yeah. There are four ways like input output and then RxJS and router variables. So for three, what are the fourth ones? Can it be? No. Import is a separate and output is separate because I have been talking about four items. Yeah. I was looking for the fourth one. Yeah. Okay. That is it. You do not have any other option to pass data. Okay. Consider that you need to work on the file download. Okay. For applying multiple file upload, you need to choose one from the promise or absorb. But like what would be the one you chose? For the file upload protocol, right? Download. Download. Okay. File download, it's like... Is it like images or it's a screen? The file could be any time. Okay. But your job is to just download the file. It could be somewhere in the server. You have to just download it. But it is like multi-download. Okay. Multi-download. So generally I will be using HTTP or JRPC. If it is a S3 bucket, we can download it. The S3 bucket is the storage where you just store your raw data. Right? That you can download via having an endpoint created somewhere or if it is a URL created from S3 bucket like you just store that in the DP. It's not about that. It's about angular portion of the work where you need to apply multi-download concept. There is a multi-other third party libraries which could help you. Are you able to remember any? Yes. I can use Async-RWITE. It is an Ivo operation. But that you cannot apply in Angular, right? In Angular what you would be doing? Is it Async-RWITE? In the Angular we can use FORJOYN. FORJOYN. Will it apply in terms of integrating an API? Because these are like going to come from somewhere, isn't it? Or you can have CTN endpoint as an example. You can explain how does it work. Consider like if there is an image, one of the copies will be stored in the CDN, near to the user. So this will be faster. So in our case it's like... Consider you have five different images stored in CDN and you need to download it. All at that time. Means you will be clicking on... There will be multiple checkbox. As soon as you check few, the number could be five you consider for now. And you just click on download but all five has to be started in the parallel. Consider you have a big size image or a video file or something. How would you manage that? You should be having a flawless experience on the user front. You able to hear me? Yeah, if it is... You can think about like you are the developer, how would you... I hear that you are like... That's a cloud platform. But your job is on the... Is it? There are many approaches available today. I won't anyone from your side that how we achieve. Just thinking. What can we use for joint? Observers. That's what the initial question, right? I was asking you to choose problems as an observer. So far you have never included an observer. You have never included an observer. What is the latest version of Angular you are using today? 14. 14 or 16. Is it 16? Yeah, in 16 we have the flexibility of operating this. I am working on the 16. I was considering that there is an API integration that... Sorry, I think here you probably was breaking in between. I have worked on the 16. Angular 16. The latest one is the 20. So the question is on EI. If you are asked to work with the EI coding agent, what would be the one that you would use? I will... Kiro and Co-Pilot. And the model will be the OPUS for analysis. And then for coding, it's a... I can use the plot GPT... The model. Okay, if any EI related PUC done from your side, you could explain me. Okay. I have used Azure Document Intelligence. So like... In our case, it's like... For the mobile applications... We have trained the images. And then the... Images to find the 40... Like flows. 40 flows. And I will get that to your level. Like 80% 90%. And also copying the models from Dave to QA. And to the production. Models. How come you copy the models? What are the ways? Like while... While training... It will create the file and its metadata. We can use the file and the metadata... To create the models. Or to copy the model. We need to use a particular model ID. And we can directly copy to the other environment. In the case of Azure Document Intelligence. Okay, Bharat. Thanks for your time, Asanita. Like I've done with my session. Do you have any questions to ask me? Yeah, fine. What will be the project framework or model? So here we have both like legacy applications and the borderized application as well. Based on the business scenario, like we wrote somewhat. But the opportunity is always be there. In modernized programs, like all the APA level of migration being done into a microservices, like it's kind of a proper APA, what do we have with the legacy? And the legacy application, which is where the actual core business is learning today. Like we have a lot of EI implementation well done for the project and also like we are looking for the, you know, PBOC's to be done from the developer front. And yeah, these roles are something like, we'll excite you for sure. Yeah, okay. Asanita, I'll be sharing my... Yeah, I'll be sharing my feedback with HR. They'll be getting back to you. Sure. Yeah, okay. All the best for your career, Asanita. Thank you.
